### About us
background-color:: purple
	- We are the Foundation's elites, specializing in combat and re-containment of anomalies.
	- Comprising the best of the best. Our ((675a5adc-a986-421a-a0e2-e435c4b89dbc)) are tailored to meet specific types of threats.
- ### Task forces
  id:: 675a5adc-a986-421a-a0e2-e435c4b89dbc
  background-color:: red
	- PSI-9 "ABYSS GAZERS"
	  collapsed:: true
		- **Occupation:** Primary Combative
		- PSI-9 is a joint task force comprising elite personnel from the 
		  Foundation and Global Occult Coalition.
		- As a battalion-strength force, PSI-9 is trained in unconventional 
		  warfare, leveraging heavy artillery, DMT-enhanced perception, and 
		  advanced Counter Occult Stratagems (COS) to counter invading enemies.
	- DELTA-4 "FROM ASH"
	  collapsed:: true
		- **Occupation:** Primary Recontainment/Emergency Response
		- Delta-4 serves as the primary task force operating under Armed Research and Containment Site-115.
		- As the Foundation's primary recontainment and secondary combative force, Delta-4 is comprised of highly specialized containment experts and CQB/medical personnel. 
		  
		  They are trained to respond swiftly and effectively
		   to a broad range of on-site emergencies.
	- CHI-7 "PLAGUE TAMERS"
		- **Occupation:** Biohazard Specialization / Secondary Recontainment
		- Chi-7, ARC-115's main contagion taskforce, specializes in the acquisition and containment of anomalies exhibiting extreme biological, chemical, or radiological hazards as well as the rapid containment and cleanup of areas affected by such anomalies. 
		  
		  This includes the planning and deployment of contingencies for wide-area or pandemic spread of anomalous disease agents or other contagious phenomena.
		- Chi-7 was ARC-115's first task force specializing in SCPs re-containment of microbiological, biochemical, and pathogenic anomalies.
	- THETA-1 "ANTIMORALS"
		- **Occupation:** V.I.P. Protection / Secondary Combative
		- THETA-1, "ANTIMORALS", serves as the foundations primary protective force specializing in the protection of onsite 05's and related diplomats.
		- THETA-1's secondary objective consists of the neutralization of hostile incursions through the use of said unconventional tactics. These tactics arrange from the use of banned methods such as poison's, assassinations, killing of POW's and or hostages, the deliberate targeting of enemy medics, and the disregardment of any surrender.
		- THETA-1's total disregardment of the Geneva convention and use of unconventional tactics are often regarded as "In-humane", earning them the nickname, "ANTIMORALS".
-